SC-10059 addeed Correlation page to monitoring/logs/synthetics/experience/events (#330)
sematext/docs: docs/experience/correlation.md

title: Correlation
description: Split Screen is product-wide correlation and data-pivoting feature. With Split Screen you can compare selected Expirience report with any other report or dashboard, even the same report but with different filters and groups in the two different screens.

### Manual Correlation

> Manual correlation can be done using our [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) feature. With [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) you can compare and correlate selected Experience report with any Monitoring, Logs or Infrastructure report. Correlation is also possible with Events or Synthetic Monitor. It can be used to correlate even with the same Experience report but with different filters and groups in the two different screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual correlation can be done using the [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) feature. With [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) you can compare and correlate selected Experience reports with any Monitoring, Logs or Infrastructure reports. Correlation is also possible with Events or Synthetic Monitors. It can be used to correlate even with the same Experience report but with different filters and groups in the two different screens.
```

Reviewer: This applies to all places.
